com/example/quality_control/DetalleOrder.java
 com.example.quality_control.DetalleOrder
com/example/quality_control/Popup_Transfer.java
 com.example.quality_control.Popup_Transfer
 com.example.quality_control.Popup_Transfer$1
 com.example.quality_control.Popup_Transfer$2
com/example/quality_control/Packing.java
 com.example.quality_control.Packing
com/example/quality_control/Transfer_Lote.java
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$1
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$2
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$3
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$4
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$5
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$6
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$7
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$Item
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$ItemOnDragListener
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$ItemsListAdapter
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$PassObject
 com.example.quality_control.Transfer_Lote$ViewHolder
com/example/quality_control/TouchImageView.java
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$1
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$CompatScroller
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$DoubleTapZoom
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$Fling
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$GestureListener
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$OnTouchImageViewListener
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$PrivateOnTouchListener
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$ScaleListener
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$State
 com.example.quality_control.TouchImageView$ZoomVariables
com/example/quality_control/Tipo.java
 com.example.quality_control.Tipo
com/example/quality_control/Foto_Lote.java
 com.example.quality_control.Foto_Lote
 com.example.quality_control.Foto_Lote$1
 com.example.quality_control.Foto_Lote$2
com/example/quality_control/Usuario.java
 com.example.quality_control.Usuario
com/example/quality_control/FotoView.java
 com.example.quality_control.FotoView
 com.example.quality_control.FotoView$1
 com.example.quality_control.FotoView$2
 com.example.quality_control.FotoView$TouchImageAdapter
com/example/quality_control/Popup_Foto.java
 com.example.quality_control.Popup_Foto
 com.example.quality_control.Popup_Foto$1
 com.example.quality_control.Popup_Foto$2
com/example/quality_control/ImageAdapter.java
 com.example.quality_control.ImageAdapter
com/example/quality_control/Cls_Photo.java
 com.example.quality_control.Cls_Photo
com/example/quality_control/Permisos_Activos.java
 com.example.quality_control.Permisos_Activos
com/example/quality_control/Cls_Muestra.java
 com.example.quality_control.Cls_Muestra
com/example/quality_control/Pages.java
 com.example.quality_control.Pages
 com.example.quality_control.Pages$ImageAdapter
 com.example.quality_control.Pages$ListAdapterDetalle
com/example/quality_control/Home.java
 com.example.quality_control.Home
 com.example.quality_control.Home$PlaceholderFragment
com/example/quality_control/Reporte_Completo.java
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Completo
com/example/quality_control/IngresoOFL.java
 com.example.quality_control.IngresoOFL
com/example/quality_control/Orden.java
 com.example.quality_control.Orden
com/example/quality_control/Ingreso.java
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$1
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$2
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$3
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$4
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$5
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$6
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$7
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$8
 com.example.quality_control.Ingreso$9
com/example/quality_control/LinearLayoutListView.java
 com.example.quality_control.LinearLayoutListView
com/example/quality_control/Report.java
 com.example.quality_control.Report
 com.example.quality_control.Report$1
 com.example.quality_control.Report$ListAdapterDetalleQC
 com.example.quality_control.Report$ListaMaster
 com.example.quality_control.Report$Startsyntask
 com.example.quality_control.Report$TouchImageAdapter
 com.example.quality_control.Report$TouchImageAdapter$1
com/example/quality_control/Cls_Stock.java
 com.example.quality_control.Cls_Stock
com/example/quality_control/MensajeToast.java
 com.example.quality_control.MensajeToast
 com.example.quality_control.MensajeToast$1
com/example/quality_control/PopupLote.java
 com.example.quality_control.PopupLote
 com.example.quality_control.PopupLote$1
 com.example.quality_control.PopupLote$2
 com.example.quality_control.PopupLote$3
com/example/quality_control/MyListAdapter.java
 com.example.quality_control.MyListAdapter
com/example/quality_control/Marca.java
 com.example.quality_control.Marca
com/example/quality_control/Plantas.java
 com.example.quality_control.Plantas
com/example/quality_control/Detalle_QCShipped.java
 com.example.quality_control.Detalle_QCShipped
com/example/quality_control/ImageItem.java
 com.example.quality_control.ImageItem
com/example/quality_control/NavigationDrawerFragment.java
 com.example.quality_control.NavigationDrawerFragment
 com.example.quality_control.NavigationDrawerFragment$1
 com.example.quality_control.NavigationDrawerFragment$2
 com.example.quality_control.NavigationDrawerFragment$3
 com.example.quality_control.NavigationDrawerFragment$NavigationDrawerCallbacks
com/example/quality_control/Prueba.java
 com.example.quality_control.Prueba
com/example/quality_control/Cabecera_Orden.java
 com.example.quality_control.Cabecera_Orden
com/example/quality_control/Cls_Lote.java
 com.example.quality_control.Cls_Lote
com/example/quality_control/Foto_Embarque.java
 com.example.quality_control.Foto_Embarque
com/example/quality_control/Conexion.java
 com.example.quality_control.Conexion
com/example/quality_control/Inventary.java
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary$1
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary$2
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary$3
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary$ListAdapterDetalle
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary$ListAdapterDetalle$1
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary$Startsyntask
 com.example.quality_control.Inventary$Startsyntask$1
com/example/quality_control/Lote.java
 com.example.quality_control.Lote
 com.example.quality_control.Lote$1
 com.example.quality_control.Lote$2
 com.example.quality_control.Lote$3
com/example/quality_control/ExtendedViewPager.java
 com.example.quality_control.ExtendedViewPager
com/example/quality_control/ListDetalleAdapter.java
 com.example.quality_control.ListDetalleAdapter
com/example/quality_control/GaleryEmpaque.java
 com.example.quality_control.GaleryEmpaque
 com.example.quality_control.GaleryEmpaque$1
 com.example.quality_control.GaleryEmpaque$ImageAdapter
com/example/quality_control/PopupMuestra.java
 com.example.quality_control.PopupMuestra
 com.example.quality_control.PopupMuestra$1
 com.example.quality_control.PopupMuestra$2
 com.example.quality_control.PopupMuestra$3
com/example/quality_control/Foto_View2.java
 com.example.quality_control.Foto_View2
 com.example.quality_control.Foto_View2$1
 com.example.quality_control.Foto_View2$TouchImageAdapter
com/example/quality_control/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.quality_control.BuildConfig
com/example/quality_control/Talla.java
 com.example.quality_control.Talla
com/example/quality_control/Cabecera_datos.java
 com.example.quality_control.Cabecera_datos
com/example/quality_control/Reporte.java
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte$ListAdapterReporte
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte$ListAdapterReporteFijo
com/example/quality_control/Reporte_Lote.java
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$1
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$2
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$3
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$ImageAdapter
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$ListAdapterReporteDetalleA
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$ListAdapterReporteDetalleB
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$ListAdapterReporteDetalleC
 com.example.quality_control.Reporte_Lote$ListMuestraAdapter
com/example/quality_control/ImageAdapters.java
 com.example.quality_control.ImageAdapters
com/example/quality_control/menuprincipal.java
 com.example.quality_control.menuprincipal
 com.example.quality_control.menuprincipal$1
 com.example.quality_control.menuprincipal$2
 com.example.quality_control.menuprincipal$3
 com.example.quality_control.menuprincipal$Startsyntask
 com.example.quality_control.menuprincipal$Startsyntask1
com/example/quality_control/MainActivity.java
 com.example.quality_control.MainActivity
